Ranking the top 100 men's basketball transfers for 2026-27 - ESPN

Skip to main content Skip to navigation

<

>

play

Milan Momcilovic went on a 9-0 run for Iowa State to end the half. (0:39)

The buzzer sounded on Michigan's national championship win over UConn just before 11:20 p.m. ET on Monday, April 6. About 40 minutes later, the transfer portal was open. Ten hours after that, more than 1,000 Division I men's basketball players had added their names to the portal. Two weeks after that, more than 2,700 players had entered by the April 21 deadline.

We ranked the top 100 players to hit the open market and are analyzing their fits with new teams below. Bookmark this page to stay updated as we track more commitments.

Note: Players who require a waiver to secure another year of eligibility have been excluded.

Last updated: 6 p.m. ET on May 7

## 1. Milan Momcilovic, 6-8, SF, Jr.

Transferring from Iowa State

Momcilovic was the best shooter in college basketball this past season, ranking first in 3-point percentage (48.7%) and fifth in 3-pointers made. He averaged 16.9 points and 3.1 rebounds and is an immediate All-American candidate wherever he plays next season. He has also entered the NBA draft, where he's a projected second-round pick.

---

## 2. Flory Bidunga, 6-10, PF, So.

Transferring from Kansas to Louisville

Pre-commitment analysis: Bidunga was one of the bigger breakout stars of the 2025-26 season, jumping from averages of 5.9 points and 5.4 rebounds to 13.3 points and 9.0 rebounds, and adding 2.6 blocks per game. He established himself as one of college basketball's elite post defenders while shooting 64% from the floor and tallying 13 double-doubles. He's a plug-and-play player who has already won all-conference honors in the Big 12.

Outlook with new team: Pat Kelsey lost Sananda Fru to the portal after the season, but upgraded with Bidunga. The former Jayhawk will be an immediate anchor for the Cardinals' frontcourt, and it appears that Kelsey is aiming to surround Bidunga with a quartet of playmakers and shotmakers, given the recent signing of former Iowa forward Alvaro Folgueiras. If Bidunga takes another step offensively, Louisville could be a force.

---

## 3. John Blackwell, 6-4, SG, Jr.

Transferring from Wisconsin to Duke

Pre-commitment analysis: Blackwell should be one of the most explosive scorers in the country next season. He averaged 19.1 points and 5.1 rebounds for the Badgers this season while improving his consistency on the perimeter to make nearly 39% of his 3-point attempts. After playing off the ball next to Nick Boyd at Wisconsin, Blackwell wants to be more of a playmaker at his next stop.

Outlook with new team: Jon Scheyer desperately needed a big-time scorer on the perimeter, and he landed the best one in the portal with Blackwell. He will have plenty of competition for the role he has said he wants -- more on-ball responsibility -- but completes arguably the deepest perimeter group in the country.

---

## 4. Allen Graves, 6-9, PF, Fr.

Transferring from Santa Clara

A metrics darling, Graves surged onto NBA draft boards this past season, despite coming off the bench for the Broncos as an unranked high school recruit. He's versatile at both ends of the floor, and against Kentucky in the NCAA tournament he showed he's capable of carrying a team offensively. He averaged 11.8 points, 6.5 rebounds and shot 41.3% from 3 in just 22.6 minutes.

---

## 5. Tounde Yessoufou, 6-5, SF, Fr.

Transferring from Baylor

A former five-star recruit and potential first-round NBA draft pick, Yessoufou is one of the best pure scorers in the portal. He averaged 17.8 points and 5.9 rebounds during his lone season in Waco, hitting 20 or more points 12 times -- including a massive 37-point performance against BYU in February.

---

## 6. Juke Harris, 6-7, SG, So.

Transferring from Wake Forest to Tennessee

One of the nation's elite scorers, Harris enjoyed a breakout season in Winston-Salem. He jumped from averaging 6.1 points as a freshman to averaging 21.4 as a sophomore, ranking in the top 20 nationally in that category. Harris had three performances of 30-plus points, including 38 points in 39 minutes against Boston College.

Outlook with new team: Harris will be the centerpiece of what appears to be arguably the most potent offensive team Rick Barnes has had in a long time. The Volunteers went out and landed some of the most talented scorers in the portal to rectify their issues at that end of the floor last season, and Harris is the best of the group. A projected second-round NBA draft pick, he withdrew from the combine after committing.

---

## 7. P.J. Haggerty, 6-4, G, Jr.

Transferring from Kansas State to Texas A&M

Pre-commitment analysis: Haggerty will head to his fifth school in as many seasons, but he proved at each of his last three stops that he can produce at a high level, averaging 21.0 points, 5.3 rebounds and 3.6 assists over the course of his career. He hit career highs in scoring (23.4 PPG) and assists (3.8 APG) at Kansas State in 2025-26.

Outlook with new team: The value Haggerty brings is well known: high usage and plenty of scoring. He should thrive in Bucky McMillan's system. He also gives the Aggies a legitimate go-to scorer when the game slows down and they're forced to play in the half court. It's a perfect marriage, assuming Haggerty buys in defensively.

---

## 8. David Punch, 6-7, F, So.

Transferring from TCU to Texas

Pre-commitment analysis: Punch was one of TCU's breakout stars who helped the Horned Frogs get back to the NCAA tournament this past season. He was an All-Big 12 honorable mention after averaging 14.1 points and 6.8 rebounds, and he's a defensive playmaker, posting a combined 3.2 blocks and steals per game. He is physical, creates mismatches and does a little bit of everything.

Outlook with new team: Matas Vokietaitis emerged as one of the best big men in the SEC down the stretch last season, but Sean Miller needed a consistent option next to the Lithuanian native up front. Punch brings physicality, toughness and high-level defense. He'll certainly take some of the pressure off Vokietaitis.

---

## 9. Paulius Murauskas, 6-8, F, Jr.

Transferring from Saint Mary's to Arizona State

Pre-commitment analysis: Murauskas entered the portal shortly after Randy Bennett left Saint Mary's to be the coach at Arizona State. The Lithuanian forward earned All-West Coast Conference honors in each of the past two seasons, averaging 18.4 points, 7.6 rebounds and 2.1 assists in the 2025-26 campaign. Murauskas began his career at Arizona.

Outlook with new team: Considering he played the last two seasons for new Arizona State coach Randy Bennett at their former stop, Saint Mary's, Murauskas should fit seamlessly into the Sun Devils' system. How his production will translate to the Big 12 is up for debate, but he was integral to what the Gaels did offensively the past two seasons.

---

## 10. Stefan Vaaks, 6-7, SG, Fr.

Transferring from Providence to Illinois

Pre-commitment analysis: A surprise freshman star, Vaaks is a versatile perimeter weapon who has great positional size and can make an impact as a playmaker or a scorer. The Estonia native averaged nearly 16 points per game to go with 3.2 assists and scored 20-plus points against St. John's (twice), Villanova (twice) and UConn.

Outlook with new team: More European flair in Champaign! Brad Underwood lost his starting backcourt from last season with Keaton Wagler going to the NBA and Kylan Boswell out of eligibility, so Vaaks will step in immediately as a primary playmaker for the Illini. He has the requisite size Underwood has come to value, too.

---

## 11. Moustapha Thiam, 7-2, C, So.

Transferring from Cincinnati to Michigan

Pre-commitment analysis: Thiam showed a tremendously high ceiling down the stretch of his sophomore campaign at Cincinnati. He had a three-game stretch in February in which he had 28 points and eight rebounds against Kansas, 21 points and 10 boards against Texas Tech, and 24 points and 15 rebounds against Oklahoma State. He averaged 12.8 points, 7.1 rebounds and 1.6 blocks on the season.

Outlook with new team: The Wolverines' frontcourt reload is complete with the addition of Thiam, one of the highest-ceiling players in the portal. Alongside J.P. Estrella and Jalen Reed, Thiam will help replace Aday Mara and Morez Johnson Jr. as Dusty May hopes Thiam can carry over his last-season production: 18.0 points, 10.4 rebounds and 1.9 blocks over his final eight games..

---

## 12. Jackson Shelstad, 6-1, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Oregon to Louisville

Pre-commitment analysis: Shelstad was on his way to becoming one of the best guards in the Big Ten before suffering a hand injury in December that limited him to 12 games. He averaged 15.6 points and 4.9 assists to that point, coming off a sophomore campaign in which he earned third-team All-Big Ten honors.

Outlook with new team: Pat Kelsey made a splash shortly after the portal opened, beating out Arizona for Shelstad's commitment to land one of the premier point guards available. Shelstad is essentially the Mikel Brown Jr. replacement, even if their games differ. The Cardinals will let Shelstad operate in space and create on the offensive end.

---

## 13. Isaiah Johnson, 6-1, G, Fr.

Transferring from Colorado to Texas

Pre-commitment analysis: An All-Big 12 honorable mention, Johnson was another surprising freshman. The Los Angeles native opened his career with 24 points against Montana State and barely slowed down the rest of the way. He had huge performances against BYU (27 points) and Arizona (28 points) to average 16.9 points and 3.0 assists over the season.

Outlook with new team: Sean Miller lost his entire perimeter group from last season, so Johnson will get the keys to the offense immediately. He had to shoulder much of the offensive load in Boulder but will have to adjust his game in Austin. Miller has historically had dynamic scoring point guards, though, so expect Johnson to be a good fit.

---

## 14. Acaden Lewis, 6-2, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Villanova to Miami

Pre-commitment analysis: Lewis decommitted from Kentucky last spring, switched his Wildcats allegiance to Villanova, then performed like one of the better first-year point guards in the country. He averaged 12.2 points, 3.0 rebounds, 5.3 assists and 1.9 steals, finishing with seven games of 20-plus points. Improvement as a 3-point shooter would allow him to take the next step.

Outlook with new team: Jai Lucas has proved himself to be one of the best new coaches when it comes to roster construction, and Lewis' two-way ability will impact right away in Coral Gables. He's not quite the same player as the senior point guard he's replacing, Tre Donaldson, but Lewis is a more explosive creator and is more aggressive defensively.

---

## 15. Donnie Freeman, 6-9, PF, So.

Transferring from Syracuse to St. John's

Pre-commitment analysis: A former top-10 recruit in the 2024 high school class, Freeman put together two productive seasons at Syracuse. This past season, he averaged 16.5 points and 7.2 rebounds, earning honorable mention All-ACC honors. Freeman was hampered by an injury in nonconference play but put up six games of 22-plus points against ACC opponents.

Outlook with new team: After a whirlwind recruitment that suddenly flipped from Kentucky to St. John's in the final stretch before his commitment, Freeman and Rick Pitino look like an intriguing combination. Freeman has been inconsistent -- and dealt with injuries -- during his first two seasons, but a souped-up Dillon Mitchell would be ideal.

---

## 16. Miles Byrd, 6-6, SG, Jr.

Transferring from San Diego State to Providence

Pre-commitment analysis: Byrd withdrew from the NBA draft last spring to return to San Diego State, where he cemented himself as one of the most versatile defensive players in the country. He posted more than three combined blocks and steals per game while averaging double figures in scoring for the second season in a row.

Outlook with new team: Byrd will immediately establish a defensive identity for Bryan Hodgson's first team at Providence -- and should be impactful in a system designed to generate steals and make life difficult for opponents. He'll also look to take another step offensively, and Hodgson's emphasis on transition and second-chance opportunities fits Byrd.

---

## 17. Neoklis Avdalas, 6-9, G, Fr.

Transferring from Virginia Tech to North Carolina

Pre-commitment analysis: Avdalas posted 33 points, five rebounds and six assists in his second career college game, looking every bit the part of a first-round pick in a win over Providence. Although he was unable to replicate that type of performance the rest of the way, there's still plenty of potential with his combination of size and skill. Avdalas averaged 12.1 points and 4.6 rebounds this past season.

Outlook with new team: One of the cornerstones for Michael Malone's first team in Chapel Hill, it appears Avdalas will have every chance to be a consistent playmaker for the Tar Heels. He'll share the backcourt with Terrence Brown, a highly aggressive rim scorer who will balance Avdalas effectively. Malone's NBA background could help him cater a role to Avdalas' unique skill set.

---

## 18. Markus Burton, 6-0, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Notre Dame to Indiana

Pre-commitment analysis: Burton has missed a large part of each of the past two seasons with injuries, but he has produced every year he has been on the floor. In 69 total games over three seasons in South Bend, Burton averaged 19.1 points, 3.4 rebounds and 3.8 assists while shooting just a tick above 33% from 3-point range.

Outlook with new team: If Burton can stay healthy for a full season, he'll be one of the best playmaking guards in the Big Ten. He immediately upgrades Darian DeVries' point guard play from an explosiveness standpoint; it will be interesting to see how DeVries' offense changes with more of a high-usage playmaker and shotmaker running the show.

---

## 19. Massamba Diop, 7-1, C, Fr.

Transferring from Arizona State to Gonzaga

The Senegal native was a revelation during his first season in Tempe, averaging 13.6 points, 5.8 rebounds and 2.1 blocks, emerging as a legitimate NBA draft prospect in the process. He flashed consistently early in Big 12 play, including a three-game stretch to start January over which he averaged 21.0 points and 8.0 rebounds.

Outlook with new team: Diop's ceiling is as high as anyone's in the portal, and he should be one of the most physically gifted frontcourt players in the Pac-12 from day one in Spokane. How Mark Few uses Diop alongside dominant post scorer Braden Huff will be interesting to watch early, but they should be one of the best duos in the country.

---

## 20. Aiden Sherrell, 6-10, PF, So.

Transferring from Alabama to Indiana

Pre-commitment analysis: Coach Nate Oats expanded Sherrell's role this past season. He was one of the best bigs in SEC conference play, improving from an average of 3.4 points and 2.8 rebounds to 11.1 points and 6.2 rebounds. He had 15 points and 15 rebounds in an NCAA tournament win over Hofstra; he also went for 26 points and 13 rebounds in a February win over Arkansas.

Outlook with new team: It was clear from the moment the portal opened that Indiana was putting much more of a premium on size and athleticism in its lineup this season. Sherrell is indicative of that change in approach, as Darian DeVries is looking to pair Sherrell with Samet Yigitoglu up front. Sherrell's ability to step out and occasionally make a 3 should be helpful.

---

## 21. Terrence Hill Jr., 6-3, SG, So.

Transferring from VCU to Tennessee

Pre-commitment analysis: Hill undoubtedly boosted his stock with his performance against North Carolina in the first round of the NCAA tournament. He led VCU to a 19-point comeback and upset victory with 34 points, five rebounds and five assists. He earned first-team All-Atlantic 10 honors this past season, averaging 15.0 points while shooting 37% from 3.

Outlook with new team: Rick Barnes clearly looked to upgrade Tennessee's offensive options in the portal this spring, and Hill's scoring and playmaking will be a big part of that. Hill is highly capable of getting his own shot outside of structure and in isolation settings, which the Volunteers have lacked for stretches in recent years.

---

## 22. Dedan Thomas Jr., 6-1, PG, Jr.

Transferring from LSU to Houston

Pre-commitment analysis: A hand injury limited Thomas to just 16 games in Baton Rouge, but he'll be one of the most sought-after portal point guards in the country. He averaged 15.3 points and 6.5 assists at LSU and had the Tigers in the postseason hunt when healthy. Thomas began his career with two seasons at UNLV.

Outlook with new team: The Kingston Flemings replacement, Thomas is a much different player than the departing NBA draft lottery pick. Thomas has been one of the best distributors in the country during his three seasons in college, but it could take some time for him to adjust to Kelvin Sampson's system, especially on defense.

---

## 23. Kayden Mingo, 6-3, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Penn State to Baylor

Pre-commitment analysis: The older brother of top-10 North Carolina commit Dylan Mingo, Kayden quickly emerged as one of the more productive first-year point guards in the country. He averaged 14.9 points, 3.9 rebounds, 4.5 assists and 2.5 steals over his first 14 games before missing three games with an injury. He wasn't quite as effective down the stretch but still had 24 points against Oregon.

Outlook with new team: Mingo will have the keys to Baylor's offense as soon as he steps on campus, given his ability to make plays for himself and others -- and the way he guards at the other end of the floor. Whether Isaac Williams IV can play a full-time off-ball role could determine how effective the backcourt duo in Waco is.

---

## 24. Mouhamed Sylla, 6-10, C, Fr.

Transferring from Georgia Tech to West Virginia

Pre-commitment analysis: There was plenty of preseason hype about Sylla, a former top-30 recruit who was discussed as a potential one-and-done prospect by some scouts. After five double-doubles in his first six games, and 10 double-figure scoring outings in his first 13 games, Sylla suffered an ankle injury and ended up playing in only 16 games.

Outlook with new team: A healthy Sylla was still one of the higher-ceiling big men in the portal and a worthwhile investment for Ross Hodge. Sylla is a double-double threat on a nightly basis, though he will also have to make an impact defensively to uphold how much West Virginia thrived at protecting the paint last season.

---

## 25. Somtochukwu Cyril, 6-11, C, So.

Transferring from Georgia to Miami

Pre-commitment analysis: The Nigerian center made strides at both ends of the floor from his freshman to sophomore seasons in Athens, averaging 9.3 points, 5.4 rebounds and 2.2 blocks this past campaign while shooting nearly 76% from the field. He's one of the best rim protectors in college basketball. He also scored in double figures 10 times in SEC play.

Outlook with new team: Ernest Udeh has exhausted his eligibility, so Jai Lucas needed a rim-protecting 5-man who could finish effectively around the rim. In steps Cyril, an elite shot blocker and a big man capable of catching and finishing in the paint. He'll shoulder most of the defensive responsibility next to Caleb Gaskins or DeSean Goode.

---

## 26. Nikolas Khamenia, 6-8, SF, Fr.

Transferring from Duke to UConn

Pre-commitment analysis: Khamenia came out of high school as a top-15 recruit but primarily came off the bench as a freshman at Duke. He averaged 5.7 points and 3.3 rebounds on the season but saw an increased role in the ACC tournament, during which he averaged 10.7 points on 41.7% shooting from 3 to go with 5.7 rebounds when the Blue Devils were down two starters.

Outlook with new team: It sounds like a stretch right now, but Khamenia will be the Alex Karaban replacement in Storrs. Khamenia is not as adept at moving off the ball as Karaban was the past couple of seasons, but Karaban didn't enter college elite in that area, either. Khamenia will have to take big strides to fill Karaban's shoes, but it's a smart bet by Dan Hurley.

---

## 27. Jalen Haralson, 6-7, PF, Fr.

Transferring from Notre Dame to Tennessee

Pre-commitment analysis: A former McDonald's All American, Haralson became a consistent producer for the Fighting Irish from day one. He scored in double figures in all but three games this past season, including five 20-point efforts over his final nine contests. Nearly all of his production comes inside the arc and from the free throw line, making just five 3s all season.

Outlook with new team: Another high-level offensive player heading to Knoxville, Haralson was going to be an interesting fit regardless of destination given his lack of 3-point shooting. But Rick Barnes landed plenty of perimeter shotmakers, which will allow Haralson to flourish at the 4.

---

## 28. Jeremiah Wilkinson, 6-1, G, So.

Transferring from Georgia to Arkansas

Pre-commitment analysis: Wilkinson has now proved himself as a capable high-major scorer at two different schools in two different conferences. He averaged 15.1 points at California as a freshman then led Georgia in scoring at 17.4 points per game as a sophomore. He also improved his efficiency, jumping out to nearly 36% from 3-point range.

Outlook with new team: Wilkinson's immediate role in Fayetteville could depend on Meleek Thomas' NBA draft decision (he has until May 27 to stay or withdraw). If Thomas returns, it's possible John Calipari would play the two together alongside incoming top-five recruit Jordan Smith, in which case it could take some time to figure out how to best use what could be an elite backcourt.

---

## 29. J.P. Estrella, 6-11, C, So.

Transferring from Tennessee to Michigan

Pre-commitment analysis: Estrella was one of the most efficient post players in the SEC this past season, averaging 10.0 points and 5.4 rebounds despite starting just 13 games and playing a little more than 18 minutes per game. He shot nearly 60% from the field and was one of the elite offensive rebounders in the country. He should still have two years of eligibility after missing nearly all of the 2024-25 season with a foot injury.

Outlook with new team: If last season proved anything, it's that Dusty May knows exactly what he's looking for in big men out of the portal. Neither Aday Mara nor Morez Johnson Jr. was a consistent starter at his previous school, and those two turned into projected first-round picks. Estrella started only 13 games at Tennessee; is he next in the pipeline?

---

## 30. Samet Yigitoglu, 7-2, C, So.

Transferring from SMU to Indiana

Pre-commitment analysis: Yigitoglu has been one of the more consistent big men in the ACC over the past two seasons. He averaged double-figure scoring both years but improved his efficiency (63% from the field) and rebounding (7.9 RPG) this season. He scored in double figures in eight of his final nine regular-season games, missing a total of 19 shots during that stretch.

Outlook with new team: Indiana was often overmatched on the interior last season, with Tucker DeVries playing extended minutes as a small-ball 4 and Reed Bailey the only player taller than 6-foot-9. That won't be the case next season, as the Hoosiers are pairing Yigitoglu with Aiden Sherrell up front.

---

## 31. Sananda Fru, 6-11, C, Jr.

Transferring from Louisville to Marquette

Pre-commitment analysis: Analytics models love Fru for his incredible efficiency: The Germany native shot better than 75% from the field while averaging 9.0 points, 6.1 rebounds and 1.4 blocks in just 22 minutes per game. Most of his big games came in the first half of this past season, but he's an immediate-impact, two-way starting big man at the high-major level.

Outlook with new team: Shaka Smart finally went into the portal this spring and came out with one of the better big men available in Fru. Marquette returns a group of quality players from a young team, and Fru's experience and two-way impact should help. He'll start at center from day one.

---

## 32. KJ Lewis, 6-4, SG, Jr.

Transferring from Georgetown to USC

Pre-commitment analysis: Lewis is in the portal for the second year in a row. He left Arizona for a more sizable role on the offensive end, and he found that at Georgetown, averaging nearly 15 points per game while improving as a shooter from 3-point range. The All-Big East selection brings physicality and toughness on the defensive end, too.

Outlook with new team: USC is loaded in the frontcourt, with three McDonald's All Americans and UConn transfer Eric Reibe joining Jacob Cofie. But in the backcourt, they needed a more reliable shooting guard next to Rodney Rice, and Lewis should bring some toughness along with his proven power-conference production.

---

## 33. Zoom Diallo, 6-4, PG, So.

Transferring from Washington to Kentucky

Pre-commitment analysis: A former McDonald's All American, Diallo put together two good seasons with the Huskies, averaging 11.1 points as a freshman and jumping up to 15.7 points and 4.5 assists as a sophomore. He was terrific in the Big Ten tournament, going for 22 points and 11 assists against USC and 24 points and seven assists against Wisconsin.

Outlook with new team: After missing on Robert Wright III and Jeremiah Wilkinson, Mark Pope needed a point guard. Diallo will team up with Alex Wilkins in an aggressive, dynamic backcourt -- albeit one that could take some time to jell given both players' preference to have the ball in their hands.

---

## 34. Eric Reibe, 7-1, C, Fr.

Transferring from UConn to USC

Pre-commitment analysis: A former McDonald's All American, Reibe shone in five starts when Tarris Reed Jr. was sidelined, averaging 12.5 points, 5.0 rebounds and 1.6 blocks and shooting 65% from the field in that span. His role decreased as Reed became more dominant down the stretch of the season, but his high school pedigree and intriguing ceiling are a sought-after combination.

Outlook with new team: Eric Musselman will have four former McDonald's All Americans in his five-man frontcourt rotation, as Reibe joins the Ratliff twins and Christian Collins up front. How the Trojans hand out minutes down low will be worth monitoring, as Reibe, Darius Ratliff and Adonis Ratliff are all talented 7-footers who want to play.

---

## 35. Najai Hines, 6-10, C, Fr.

Transferring from Seton Hall to UConn

Pre-commitment analysis: Hines' 6.5 points per game on the offensive end don't do justice to the impact he made as a freshman. He played just 18 minutes per game but averaged 5.5 rebounds and 2.2 blocks while shooting better than 60% from the floor. He finished strong down the stretch, with four double-figure scoring outings in his final six games.

Outlook with new team: With Tarris Reed Jr. out of eligibility and Reibe transferring to USC, Hurley needed a quality 5-man to step into their shoes. Hines played well against UConn during the season and will be exactly what Hurley wants in his big men: size to go with being an anchor defensively, catching lobs and finishing at the rim.

---

## 36. Chance Westry, 6-6, G, So.

Transferring from UAB to Xavier

Pre-commitment analysis: Westry is an incredibly talented and skilled playmaker with positional size and the ability to cause problems defensively. After struggling at Auburn and Syracuse, Westry broke out this past season under Andy Kennedy at UAB to average 15.5 points, 3.8 rebounds and 5.5 assists. Westry was sensational late, putting up 19.2 points and 9.0 assists in his last six games.

Outlook with new team: Richard Pitino has reloaded his roster after last season's struggles, but it would appear that Westry will be the one running the show as the team's primary playmaker. The Musketeers should have plenty of size and shooting, and Westry's ability to create matchup problems will be an asset.

---

## 37. Bryson Tiller, 6-11, PF, Fr.

Transferring from Kansas to Missouri

Pre-commitment analysis: Tiller is poised for a breakout campaign wherever he winds up next. He showed flashes for the Jayhawks with more consistency in the first half of the season, but also went for 21 points against BYU then 18 points and eight rebounds against Arizona during Big 12 play. The Atlanta native is an intriguing talent who redshirted his first season in Lawrence.

Outlook with new team: Tiller completes what should be one of the most talented starting fives in the SEC next season. He's poised for a breakout campaign -- Dennis Gates' up-tempo, pressure-based system should allow Tiller to use his athleticism to full advantage. Going from Kansas to Missouri adds some spice to his decision.

---

## 38. Matt Able, 6-6, SG, Fr.

Transferring from NC State to North Carolina

Pre-commitment analysis: The former top-25 recruit also entered the NBA draft as an alternative to the portal. Able entered this past season as a potential one-and-done first-rounder but had an inconsistent season in Raleigh under Will Wade. Able showed flashes of his potential throughout the campaign, averaging 8.8 points and shooting 35.5% from 3-point range.

Outlook with new team: Michael Malone went to work on his perimeter group while waiting for Henri Veesaar to make a decision about his NBA future, landing Avdalas and Brown and then Able as a shotmaker on the wing. Able should provide spacing, making him a good fit alongside Brown as a downhill driver and Avdalas as someone more comfortable probing the defense.

---

## 39. Baye Ndongo, 6-9, PF, Jr.

Transferring from Georgia Tech to Pitt

Pre-commitment analysis: Ndongo has been one of the most productive big men and offensive rebounders in the ACC for three years, although he averaged a career low in points and rebounds this past season. Over three campaigns, however, he has posted 12.6 points and 8.5 rebounds while shooting nearly 55% from the field.

Outlook with new team: Ndongo's experience in the ACC makes this a good bet for Jeff Capel and the Panthers. Ndongo has been consistently productive, and Capel has firsthand knowledge of his abilities. There's something to be said for a proven producer with a high floor.

---

## 40. Alex Wilkins, 6-5, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Furman to Kentucky

Pre-commitment analysis: A second-team All-SoCon selection, Wilkins put on a show in Furman's first-round NCAA tournament loss to UConn, scoring 21 points and registering four assists. That performance came two games after he scored 34 points against UNC Greensboro in the SoCon semifinals. He's elite in ball-screen actions but needs to cut down on turnovers.

Outlook with new team: Wilkins brings plenty of excitement to the Wildcats' backcourt. He'll team up with Zoom Diallo, who also excels as a playmaker. The ceiling for Wilkins is tremendously high, and if he (or Diallo) can become a consistent shooter off the ball, Mark Pope has himself an ultra-talented backcourt pairing.

---

## 41. Jaylen Petty, 6-1, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Texas Tech to UCLA

Pre-commitment analysis: Petty, a late addition to Tech's roster last offseason, quickly became an integral player for the Red Raiders. He averaged 19.0 points in two games against Houston and had a season-high 24 points in Tech's first-round NCAA tournament win over Akron. He averaged 9.9 points and shot 37.5% from 3.

Outlook with new team: Petty brings toughness that Mick Cronin will love. Petty has plenty of game and showed zero fear as a first-year player alongside high-level veterans in the Texas Tech backcourt. He'll replace Skyy Clark as the Bruins' point guard and will play alongside Trent Perry.

---

## 42. Jamier Jones, 6-6, SF, Fr.,

Transferring from Providence to Missouri

Pre-commitment analysis: While Stefan Vaaks is the former Providence freshman getting most of the attention in the portal, there were stretches of the season when Jones was the better of the two. He's aggressive with the ball in his hands and plays in attack mode. He had 20 points against UConn and 23 points against Villanova, and averaged 11.9 points and 4.5 rebounds over the season.

Outlook with new team: Missouri is a perfect landing spot for Jones, who loves to get downhill and put pressure on the defense. Dennis Gates' system will allow Jones plenty of opportunity to do just that, and Gates' success in the portal landing size up front should allow Jones to cause matchup problems for opponents.

---

## 43. Terrence Brown, 6-3, G, Jr.

Transferring from Utah to North Carolina

Pre-commitment analysis: Brown's scoring ability surprisingly translated from the NEC to the Big 12, as he averaged 19.9 points this past season for the Utes after posting 20.6 points in 2024-25 at Fairleigh Dickinson. He also contributed nearly four assists per game. Brown had two 30-point games this past season and averaged 23.5 points in two games against BYU.

Outlook with new team: North Carolina desperately needed proven production on the perimeter, and Brown checks that box. He's a capable distributor with high-major experience, so expect Michael Malone to lean on him.

---

## 44. Tyler Lundblade, 6-5, SG, Sr.

Transferring from Belmont to Tennessee

Pre-commitment analysis: The Missouri Valley Player of the Year, Lundblade emerged as an elite 3-point shooter at the mid-major level over the past two seasons, hitting nearly 44% of his shots from beyond the arc on nearly eight attempts per game. He scored at least 20 points six times in MVC play, including a 31-point effort against Northern Iowa in February.

Outlook with new team: Rick Barnes has consistently found success with catch-and-shoot 3-point shooters who excel with off-ball movement. Dalton Knecht checked that box. Chaz Lanier checked that box. Lundblade isn't on the same level as those two, but he's an off-ball movement shooter, making him a perfect fit.

---

## 45. Leroy Blyden Jr., 6-1, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Toledo to Kansas

Pre-commitment analysis: Another high-level freshman point guard, Blyden was the MAC Freshman of the Year and earned third-team all-league honors. He was a playmaker at both ends of the floor, averaging 16.4 points, 4.0 rebounds, 4.5 assists and 1.8 steals while shooting nearly 41% from 3. The Detroit native had 20-plus points in five of his final six games.

Outlook with new team: Blyden will be facing a big step up in competition but has the two-way playmaking ability to make an impact in Lawrence, where he'll be paired with fellow point guard Taylen Kinney. Blyden has proved he's capable of playing off the ball after playing alongside another lead guard in Sonny Wilson at Toledo.

---

## 46. Kwame Evans Jr., 6-10, PF, Jr.

Transferring from Oregon to Villanova

Pre-commitment analysis: A five-star recruit in the class of 2023, Evans had an inconsistent first two seasons in Eugene but made real strides as a junior. He averaged 13.3 points and 7.4 rebounds while demonstrating an expanded offensive game extending out to the perimeter. He finished the season on a tear, putting up 16.0 points and 8.6 rebounds over his last seven games.

Outlook with new team: If Evans can carry his momentum from the end of last season into the next, Kevin Willard could have a frontcourt anchor next to Matt Hodge. There's not much in the way of competition on the Main Line for Evans, so he could hold the keys to Villanova's success next season.

---

## 47. Derek Dixon, 6-5, PG, Fr.

Transferring from North Carolina to Arizona

Pre-commitment analysis: Dixon was thrust into the Tar Heels' starting point guard role midway through the season and acquitted himself well, averaging 8.5 points and 3.5 assists while shooting nearly 41% from 3-point range in 16 games as a starter. He was terrific late in the season, putting up 14.7 points on 57% 3-point shooting over his final three games.

Outlook with new team: Arizona had to land a point guard to replace Jaden Bradley and Brayden Burries, and after initially pursuing Jackson Shelstad, the Wildcats went with Dixon and Washington transfer JJ Mandaquit. Dixon was terrific down the stretch last season, and there's real optimism for a breakout campaign next year.

---

## 48. Collin Chandler, 6-5, SG, So.

Transferring from Kentucky to BYU

Pre-commitment analysis: After committing to BYU out of high school, Chandler followed Mark Pope to Kentucky -- and now could be headed back to Provo. Chandler started 31 games for the Wildcats this past season, shooting 41% from 3 en route to averaging 9.7 points. He was a bright spot during Kentucky's rocky start and had a 23-point outing against Vanderbilt in February.

Outlook with new team: As soon as Chandler entered the portal, it was clear where he was going. He'll pair with Robert Wright III in the BYU backcourt, and Kevin Young's offensive system should give him ample opportunity to get open shots off the ball as the Richie Saunders replacement in Provo.

---

## 49. Jaland Lowe, 6-1, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Kentucky to Georgetown

Pre-commitment analysis: While it didn't work out for Lowe in Lexington because of injury (he played only nine games), we're only a year removed from him ranking as a top-25 player in the portal as he left Pitt. In 2024-25, he was a third-team All-ACC selection who averaged 16.8 points, 4.2 rebounds and 5.5 assists under Jeff Capel.

Outlook with new team: Assuming Lowe is fully healthy, he'll run the show for Ed Cooley in Washington, D.C. Lowe will replace Malik Mack at the point of attack and brings all-conference-caliber ability in what will be a pivotal season for Cooley with the Hoyas.

---

## 50. Cruz Davis, 6-3, G, Jr.

Transferring from Hofstra to Texas Tech

Pre-commitment analysis: The CAA Player of the Year, Davis is coming off a season in which he averaged 20.1 points, 3.7 rebounds and 4.7 assists, shooting 40% from 3. He was terrific in Hofstra's biggest nonconference games, posting 22 points and nine assists in a win over Syracuse and finishing with 36 points and seven assists in a win over Pitt.

Outlook with new team: Tech faces a fairly massive rebuilding season with Christian Anderson off to the NBA and JT Toppin likely missing most of -- if not the entire -- season after suffering an ACL injury in February. As a result, Davis will have a chance to shoulder much of the offensive load after playing a high-usage role at Hofstra.

---

## 51. Adam Clark, 5-10, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Seton Hall to Ole Miss

Pre-commitment analysis: There will be questions about Clark's fit, given his size and lack of 3-point shooting, but those same questions faced him transferring from Merrimack to Seton Hall -- and he just earned second-team All-Big East and All-Defensive honors with the Pirates. Clark averaged 12.7 points, 3.0 rebounds, 4.9 assists and 2.0 steals.

Outlook with new team: Clark transitioned better than expected from the NEC to the Big East, and now he takes another step up in size and athleticism to the SEC. Chris Beard has emphasized size elsewhere in the portal, which should help minimize Clark's weaknesses.

---

## 52. Devin Royal, 6-6, F, Jr.

Transferring from Ohio State to Villanova

Pre-commitment analysis: Royal has been remarkably consistent as an offensive player over the past two seasons, averaging exactly 13.7 points as both a sophomore and junior. He was less effective as a rebounder this past season but expanded his offensive game, taking more than three 3s per game. He draws fouls at a high rate.

Outlook with new team: Royal's ability to play the 3 and the 4 will help at Villanova, which doesn't bring back much up front in the way of proven production besides Matt Hodge. Royal and Kwame Evans Jr. are high-major veterans who should be able to hit the ground running; both have the necessary frame to battle in the Big East, too.

---

## 53. Jaquan Johnson, 5-11, PG, So.

Transferring from Bradley to Iowa State

Pre-commitment analysis: A first-team All-Missouri Valley selection, Johnson was one of the best mid-major point guards in the country this past season. He averaged 16.9 points, 3.9 rebounds and 3.6 assists while shooting better than 38% from 3-point range and tallying 2.5 steals per game. Johnson had three games of 30-plus points.

Outlook with new team: There's always a question about how well high-volume guards will translate from the mid-major to high-major level, but Johnson seems perfectly suited for Iowa State. While he's only 5-foot-11, his tenacity defensively makes him the ideal point guard replacement for Tamin Lipsey.

---

## 54. Delrecco Gillespie, 6-8, PF, Sr.

Transferring from Kent State to Houston

Pre-commitment analysis: One of the elite rebounders in college basketball, Gillespie earned first-team All-MAC honors after averaging 17.7 points and 11.3 rebounds this past season. He finished fourth nationally in rebounding and had some of the best single-game performances in the country, including a pair of 30-point, 10-rebound efforts.

Outlook with new team: Kelvin Sampson and rebounding go hand-in-hand, which makes Gillespie a logical fit for Houston. He's one of the best rebounders in the country and will help replace the more skilled Chris Cenac Jr. Gillespie and returnee Joseph Tugler should control the backboards.

---

## 55. Wes Enis, 6-2, G, Jr.

Transferring from South Florida to Creighton

Pre-commitment analysis: Enis was a former Division II transfer who excelled almost immediately at South Florida. He was a first-team all-conference player in the American, averaging 16.4 points and shooting better than 35% from 3. He had 10 games of 20-plus points in league play, headlined by 36 points against UAB and 32 points against Tulsa. He could follow Bryan Hodgson to Providence.

Outlook with new team: After it initially appeared he would follow Bryan Hodgson from USF to Providence, Enis opted for another Big East program in Creighton. He joins a talented perimeter group that includes San Diego State transfer BJ Davis and returning starter Austin Swartz. Alan Huss will have plenty of backcourt options.

---

## 56. Christian Hammond, 6-4, G, So.

Transferring from Santa Clara to NC State

Pre-commitment analysis: Hammond emerged as a breakout performer on a Santa Clara team that surprised and made the NCAA tournament. He averaged 15.6 points and shot better than 39% from 3, having some of his biggest games against the Broncos' toughest opponents, including 24 points against Gonzaga and 25 against Saint Mary's. First-team All-WCC.

Outlook with new team: Justin Gainey's first portal addition since taking over in Raleigh was a good one. Hammond will combine in the backcourt with Hofstra transfer Preston Edmead; both are capable scorers and 3-point shooters who should work well alongside one another.

---

## 57. LeJuan Watts, 6-6, SF, Jr.

Transferring from Texas Tech to Washington

Pre-commitment analysis: Watts had some massive performances early in the season, including 36 points against Northern Colorado, 21 points against Illinois and 20 points in a win over Duke. He slowed down in Big 12 play but still managed to put up 11.8 points and 6.0 rebounds on the season. He will look to play more of a true wing role at his next stop.

Outlook with new team: Watts is off to his fourth school - and third in the state of Washington -- in four years after stops at Eastern Washington, Washington State and Texas Tech. Danny Sprinkle has plenty of 3-point shooters on the wings in returnee Wesley Yates Jr. and incoming transfers Steele Venters and Parker Friedrichsen, but Watts gives the Huskies a more physical, versatile offensive threat.

---

## 58. Drew Fielder, 6-11, C, Jr.

Transferring from Boise State to Alabama

Pre-commitment analysis: After two seasons at Georgetown, Fielder enjoyed a breakout campaign in the Mountain West for the Broncos. He averaged 14.7 points and 5.7 rebounds, shooting 41% from 3-point range. His combination of size and shooting prowess makes him an intriguing target. He had 10 games of 20-plus points, including 33 against San Diego State in early March.

Outlook with new team: Fielder's size and 3-point shooting ability will bring back memories of Grant Nelson's time in Tuscaloosa. Fielder isn't as explosive driving to the rim as Nelson, but he will be able to spread the floor and create issues for the defense. Nate Oats can likely use him alongside Brandon Garrison.

---

## 59. Keanu Dawes, 6-9, PF, Jr.

Transferring from Utah to Kansas

Pre-commitment analysis: Dawes emerged as one of the Big 12's best rebounders during his second season with the Utes, averaging 12.5 points and 8.8 rebounds -- the latter stat ranking inside the top 50 nationally. He had some big-time performances late in the season, including a 22-point, 12-rebound game against Kansas and four double-doubles in his last eight games.

Outlook with new team: Dawes' performance against Kansas turned out to be significant, now that he's heading to the Jayhawks. Perhaps Bill Self liked what he saw that night! Dawes is essentially the Flory Bidunga replacement up front, and he should certainly be up to the task from a rebounding perspective.

---

## 60. Dai Dai Ames, 6-2, G, Jr.

Transferring from Cal to Tennessee

Pre-commitment analysis: Ames enjoyed a true breakout campaign as a junior at Cal after up-and-down seasons at Kansas State and Virginia. The Chicago native averaged 16.9 points for the Golden Bears, shooting nearly 38% from beyond the arc. He scored 25 or more points on five separate occasions, including 31 against Wake Forest and 27 against Florida State in back-to-back March games.

Outlook with new team: Rick Barnes seems to be leaning into scoring this spring, and Ames brings a score-first mentality to the lead guard position. Ja'Kobi Gillespie ended up being a go-to scorer by the time he left Knoxville, but it will be interesting to see how Barnes structures his offense without a true point guard.

---

## 61. Alvaro Folgueiras, 6-10, PF, Jr.

Transferring from Iowa to Louisville

Pre-commitment analysis: Folgueiras won Horizon League Player of the Year in 2024-25 before transferring to play for Ben McCollum and the Hawkeyes. He played primarily a reserve role for Iowa but notched more than 20 minutes per game, averaging 8.4 points, 3.6 rebounds and 2.2 assists. He's got size and skill and averaged 14.7 points in the first three games of the NCAA tournament.

Outlook with new team: Another key piece of Louisville's prized transfer class, Folgueiras should dovetail nicely with Flory Bidunga up front. Bidunga will handle most of the interior defense and rebounding, while Folgueiras will have the freedom to float around the perimeter and use his advanced skill on the offensive end.

---

## 62. Logan Duncomb, 6-10, C, Sr.

Transferring from Winthrop to Notre Dame

Pre-commitment analysis: One of the bigger breakout players in all of college basketball this past season, Duncomb went from 3.0 points and 2.5 rebounds in 2024-25 to Big South Player of the Year in 2025-26, averaging 18.3 points and 8.9 rebounds, shooting 60% from the floor. He began his career with two seasons at Indiana, where he played a total of 18 games, and a redshirt year at Xavier.

Outlook with new team: There will be doubts about how Duncomb's production will translate in South Bend, given his struggles at Indiana (and even at Winthrop in 2024-25), but the well-traveled big man will start from day one. Micah Shrewsberry will need him to make an immediate impact.

---

## 63. Nolan Minessale, 6-5, SG, Soph.

Transferring from St. Thomas-Minnesota to Marquette

Pre-commitment analysis: A first-team All-Summit pick, Minessale averaged 19.8 points, 4.6 rebounds and 4.3 assists and shot better than 50% from the field this past season. He had at least 20 points in his first eight games, including 24 against Saint Mary's in the first game of the campaign. Minessale is a Wisconsin native and could be the subject of a Marquette vs. Wisconsin battle.

Outlook with new team: Marquette was always the logical landing spot for the Marquette High product. He brings veteran playmaking to the Golden Eagles, easing the pressure on Nigel James Jr. to handle too much of the offensive load. Minessale is an underrated distributor, and while he's not a great shooter, he can stretch the defense.

---

## 64. Caden Pierce, 6-7, F, Sr.

Transferring from Princeton to Purdue

Pre-commitment analysis: Pierce sat out this past season in order to finish his degree at Princeton before playing his final season elsewhere in 2026-27. He was the 2023-24 Ivy League Player of the Year after averaging 16.6 points, 9.2 rebounds and 3.2 assists. Pierce returned to the Tigers for his junior campaign, battling through injuries and earning second-team All-Ivy honors.

Outlook with new team: Pierce committed to Purdue months ago, and the Boilermakers will hope he returns to the pre-injury form that made him the best player in the Ivy League. He's not the same player that Trey Kaufman-Renn was, but he should combine effectively with 7-foot-4 center Daniel Jacobsen up front.

---

## 65. Kevair Kennedy, 6-2, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Merrimack to Wake Forest

Pre-commitment analysis: Kennedy was the MAAC Player of the Year as a freshman, averaging 18.4 points, 4.6 rebounds and 4.2 assists, showing a high ceiling as a playmaker and aggressive two-way point guard. There are questions about his shooting ability, as he made only 13 3-pointers in 34 games, but his ability to create off the bounce should translate.

Outlook with new team: Can Kennedy transfer up as effectively as his former Merrimack predecessor, Adam Clark, did? Steve Forbes will certainly hope so. Kennedy is the only point guard the Demon Deacons landed in the portal, which should allow him to go through a few growing pains early. Forbes has historically had success with transfers.

---

## 66. Gavin Doty, 6-5, SG/SF, Soph.

Transferring from Siena to Syracuse

Pre-commitment analysis: A unanimous All-MAAC selection, Doty was terrific for Gerry McNamara and the Saints this season. He averaged 18.0 points and 6.9 rebounds, and was at his best when it mattered: 23 points and eight rebounds vs. Merrimack in the MAAC title game, 21 points and four rebounds against Duke in the first round of the NCAA tournament.

Outlook with new team: There won't be much of a transition for Doty in terms of playing style, as he's following Gerry McNamara from Siena to Syracuse. Doty's performance against Duke in the NCAA tournament should also offer some optimism. He'll have every chance to be a top scorer for the Orange.

---

## 67. Elyjah Freeman, 6-8, SF, Soph.

Transferring from Auburn to Texas

Pre-commitment analysis: A much-hyped Division II transfer last offseason, Freeman was inconsistent during his lone season under Steven Pearl -- but optimism remains about his ceiling and all-around ability. He averaged 9.2 points and 5.2 rebounds, making just over 34% of his 3-point attempts. He had double figures in five of his final 10 games.

Outlook with new team: Freeman appears to be the Dailyn Swain replacement in Austin, with Swain seemingly set on the NBA draft. With the other transfers Sean Miller landed -- as well as five-star guard Austin Goosby-- the Longhorns are loaded offensively. Freeman's size should help on the defensive end.

---

## 68. Ace Glass, 6-3, G, Fr.

Transferring from Washington State to Vanderbilt

Pre-commitment analysis: One of the best freshman guards in the West this season, Glass put his name on the map with a 40-point performance against Arizona State in the Maui Invitational in late November, and carried that momentum the rest of the way. He had six games of 20-plus points, including 24 against Saint Mary's. He averaged 16.4 points.

Outlook with new team: Assuming Tyler Tanner returns to Vanderbilt, Glass should find plenty of open perimeter shots in Nashville. He's capable of getting his own shot, but he'll have far more offensive talent surrounding him than he did at Washington State. He should be an ideal complementary scorer who can make open shots.

---

## 69. Tomislav Buljan, 6-9, PF, Fr.

Transferring from New Mexico to Maryland

Pre-commitment analysis: Buljan, a 23-year-old freshman from Croatia, was one of the most productive first-year players in the country this past season, averaging 13.1 points and 10.3 rebounds. He had 19 points and 21 boards against Mississippi State in November and 24 points and 18 rebounds against San Diego State in February. He averaged 18.0 points and 9.3 boards in the NIT.

Outlook with new team: Buljan and Pharrel Payne could form one of the better interior tandems in the Big Ten, with both players capable of double-doubles on a regular basis. The biggest question is whether they can play extended minutes together, given Payne has never attempted a 3-pointer in four college seasons, and Buljan made eight all of last season.

---

## 70. Karter Knox, 6-6, SG/SF, Soph.

Transferring from Arkansas to Louisville

Pre-commitment analysis: A former five-star prospect, Knox has started 42 games over two seasons in Fayetteville. He was hampered by an injury this past season but averaged 8.1 points and 4.5 rebounds and improved his 3-point shooting to nearly 38%. An effective two-way player, he remains a name on NBA draft boards because of his physical tools.

Outlook with new team: Knox brings a much-needed physical element to the perimeter for Louisville. With Jackson Shelstad handling the playmaking and Adrian Wooley an adept scorer and shooter, Knox has the requisite athleticism and defensive ability to complement his backcourt mates.

---

## 71. Sebastian Williams-Adams, 6-8, F, Fr.

Transferring from Auburn to Vanderbilt

Pre-commitment analysis: Williams-Adams was a late entrance to the portal. He started 21 games for Steven Pearl's team, averaging 7.0 points and 3.5 rebounds. He played a bigger role as the season progressed, routinely seeing 30-plus minutes down the stretch of the SEC season. Williams-Adams scored 13 points in the NIT title game.

Outlook with new team: Yet another astute addition by Mark Byington this spring, Williams-Adams joins a talented portal group that includes Ace Glass, Bangot Dak and Berke Buyuktuncel. Williams-Adams provides a versatile frontcourt piece with experience in the SEC -- he had 11 points and six rebounds in his one game against the Commodores last season.

---

## 72. Finley Bizjack, 6-4, SG, Jr.

Transferring from Butler to West Virginia

Pre-commitment analysis: Bizjack has been a consistent scorer for Butler the past two seasons, starting 61 games and averaging 10.3 points as a sophomore and 17.1 points as a junior. His 3-point efficiency took a hit this past season, though, dropping from 42.8% to 34.9%. But he was capable of big performances, including six games of 25-plus points.

Outlook with new team: With the rapid rise of Miles Sadler as the incoming point guard, Bizjack makes for a sensible backcourt mate. He proved he can be an excellent 3-point shooter during his sophomore campaign, before that took a hit when he needed to take on a go-to role. In Sadler and Bizjack, Ross Hodge has an intriguing duo.

---

## 73. Tyler Tejada, 6-9, PF, Jr.

Transferring from Towson to Cincinnati

Pre-commitment analysis: Tejada was CAA Player of the Year in 2024-25 then put up better numbers this past season. He averaged 17.7 points and 5.5 rebounds, and he was fantastic in the CAA tournament, putting up 31.3 points, 5.0 rebounds and 3.0 assists over the course of three games. And in three games against NCAA tournament team Hofstra, he posted 22.7 points and 6.3 rebounds.

Outlook with new team: The incoming duo of Tejada and George Mason transfer Riley Allenspach will be one to monitor for new coach Jerrod Calhoun. Both players have size and skill and the ability to step out and shoot from the perimeter, though neither is much of a rim protector.

---

## 74. Drew Scharnowski, 6-9, PF, Soph.

Transferring from Belmont to Duke

Pre-commitment analysis: A key piece on Belmont's 26-win team, Scharnowski was remarkably efficient this past season. Despite playing fewer than 22 minutes per game, he averaged 10.7 points, 6.0 rebounds, 2.6 assists and 1.3 blocks, while shooting better than 68% from the field. He was among the leaders in the Missouri Valley in rebound rate, assist rate, block rate and fouls drawn per 40.

Outlook with new team: This is a sharp add for Duke. The Blue Devils are bringing back Patrick Ngongba II as the starting center, which enables Scharnowski to play in reserve or get minutes alongside Ngongba when Jon Scheyer wants more heft than incoming top-five recruit Cameron Williams at the power forward spot.

---

## 75. Dwayne Aristode, 6-8, SF, Fr.

Transferring from Arizona to Oregon

After entering the season as a potential NBA draft sleeper, Aristode failed to carve out a consistent role in Tucson. That said, he's a former top-50 high school recruit who shot 46.2% from 3-point range on just about two attempts per game. At 6-foot-8, he's a talented shotmaker, but he has to choose the right spot.

Outlook with new team: Aristode joins a roster that features several players similar to him from a versatility and positional standpoint. Dana Altman will be able to mix and match the likes of Aristode, Tajh Ariza, Tyrone Riley IV, Andrew Meadow and Taylor Bol Bowen to fill two or three spots in his lineup at all times.

---

## 76. Mikey Lewis, 6-3, G, Soph.

Transferring from Saint Mary's to Texas

Pre-commitment analysis: Lewis is a streaky shooter but someone who can get hot in a hurry and really lift an offense. He did that countless times in big games for Saint Mary's: 19 points vs. Vanderbilt, 21 points vs. Santa Clara, 31 points vs. Gonzaga, 23 points vs. Santa Clara in the WCC tournament. He averaged 13.9 points and shot 37% from 3 this past season.

Outlook with new team: Lewis is a dynamic scorer who appears set to be an instant offensive sixth man for Sean Miller. The Longhorns already have Colorado transfer Isaiah Johnson and five-star recruit Austin Goosby in the fold, so Lewis could be the backup for either. His perimeter shooting ability also adds another dimension to a talented offensive unit.

---

## 77. Isiah Harwell, 6-6, SG, Fr.

Transferring from Houston to Gonzaga

Pre-commitment analysis: A former five-star recruit and McDonald's All American in the 2025 class, Harwell was a projected NBA draft pick entering the season. However, he was still working his way back to full health following an ACL tear in high school, and didn't have a chance to show what made him such a sought-after recruit. Good physicality, impact two-way player.

Outlook with new team: This is a potential hidden value for Mark Few. Harwell didn't appear to be the former five-star recruit he was before his injuries, but now that he's further removed from the ACL tear, there's optimism he can regain his form. Harwell has the size and playmaking to make an impact in the Pac-12.

---

## 78. Andrew McKeever, 7-2, C, Soph.

Transferring from Saint Mary's to Iowa

Pre-commitment analysis: McKeever is an intriguing prospect, bringing 7-2 size and averages of 8.2 points and 9.2 rebounds in just over 23 minutes. He averaged nearly four offensive rebounds per game, ranking as the No. 2 player in the country in offensive rebounding rate at KenPom. He posted eight double-doubles over the course of this past season.

Outlook with new team: Ben McCollum will have legitimate size to compete up front in the Big Ten next season with McKeever. Cam Manyawu is also back up front, which should allow McCollum to experiment with bigger lineups. McKeever's offensive rebounding and passing ability will be fascinating to watch in Iowa City.

---

## 79. Preston Edmead, 6-1, PG, Fr.

Transferring from Hofstra to NC State

Pre-commitment analysis: The other half of one of the most electric mid-major backcourts in the country, Edmead combined with Cruz Davis to lead the Pride to the NCAA tournament. The Long Island native was fantastic down the stretch, scoring 26 points in the CAA title game and 24 against Alabama in the NCAA tournament. He averaged 16.1 points and 4.4 assists.

Outlook with new team: Justin Gainey will rely on Edmead to run the show in the NC State alum's first year at the helm. Like some of the other rising sophomore point guards featured in these rankings, it will be interesting to monitor how Edmead translates to a higher level, but he has the shooting and late-season production to make an impact.

---

## 80. Dra Gibbs-Lawhorn, 6-1, G, Jr.

Transferring from UNLV to Texas Tech

Pre-commitment analysis: Gibbs-Lawhorn never truly found a role during two seasons at Illinois, but Josh Pastner gave him the green light in Las Vegas this past campaign, and he took full advantage, ranking in the top 25 nationally in scoring at 20.7 points per game, while shooting better than 41% from 3-point range. He had 30-plus points four times in a five-game span in February.

Outlook with new team: Grant McCasland clearly prioritized scoring in his portal priorities, with Gibbs-Lawhorn and Hofstra transfer Cruz Davis both ranking in the top 30 nationally in points per game last season. Gibbs-Lawhorn will likely play off the ball most of the time, which should make best use of his big-time scoring ability -- and high-volume 3-point shooting.

---

## 81. Anton Bonke, 7-2, C, Jr.

Transferring from Charlotte to Michigan State

Pre-commitment analysis: Bonke turned heads on multiple occasions this past season, opening with six straight double-figure-scoring outings -- four double-doubles over that stretch -- then going for 25 points and nine rebounds against Temple and 20 points and 13 boards against Florida Atlantic. He averaged 10.6 points, 8.3 rebounds and 1.5 blocks.

Outlook with new team: Tom Izzo and the Spartans were quiet in the portal to start, but their one clear need entering the offseason was an impact player at the 5 -- and Bonke was the one they landed. He'll likely battle with redshirt big man Jesse McCulloch and incoming freshman Ethan Taylor for minutes.

---

## 82. Magoon Gwath, 7-0, C, Soph.

Transferring from San Diego State to DePaul

Pre-commitment analysis: Gwath didn't quite take the next step in his development from a production perspective, although he was slowed by injuries. He averaged 8.9 points, 4.3 rebounds and 1.5 blocks -- down from 5.2 boards and 2.6 blocks as a freshman. He showed flashes late in the campaign, however, averaging 14.5 points and 7.0 boards in back-to-back games vs. New Mexico and Utah State.

Outlook with new team: If Gwath can stay healthy, his signing could be a steal for DePaul coach Chris Holtmann. The Blue Demons quietly had an impactful spring in the transfer market, with Gwath and Ade Popoola the most intriguing of their additions. Gwath has NBA upside given his size and defensive ability.

---

## 83. Tru Washington, 6-4, SG, Jr.

Transferring from Miami to Xavier

Pre-commitment analysis: Washington is one of the best defensive guards in the country and has averaged double figures in scoring in each of the past two seasons. He broke out as a sophomore at New Mexico in 2024-25 and then joined Jai Lucas' program in Coral Gables, where he posted 11.9 points, 4.0 rebounds and 1.8 steals.

Outlook with new team: Washington is reuniting with Richard Pitino after playing for him at New Mexico two seasons ago. Washington's biggest impact will likely come on the defensive end of the floor. He and Chance Westry have great size and could be one of the more disruptive defensive backcourts in the Big East.

---

## 84. Brett Decker Jr., 6-3, SG, Soph.

Transferring from Liberty to Baylor

Pre-commitment analysis: Decker emerged as one of the elite shooters in college basketball this past season, ranking second in the country in 3-point percentage (47.1%) and 11th in 3-pointers made (3.4 per game). He averaged 16.9 points and had 11 games of 20-plus points, including a 30-point performance in early March against Louisiana Tech in which he made eight 3s.

Outlook with new team: Scott Drew now has an intriguing backcourt trio of Kayden Mingo, Isaac Williams IV and Decker. The addition of Mingo -- with his size and two-way ability -- will allow Decker to focus on his elite shooting ability in Waco.

---

## 85. DeSean Goode, 6-8, F, Soph.

Transferring from Robert Morris to Miami

Pre-commitment analysis: The Horizon League Player of the Year, Goode is a physical force inside the arc who averaged 15.2 points and 8.7 rebounds, including more than three per game on the offensive end. He shot nearly 63% from the field and showed skill from behind the arc, making 57% of his 3-point attempts -- albeit at limited volume.

Outlook with new team: Goode will battle with top-10 recruit Caleb Gaskins for a forward spot in Coral Gables. Goode is an elite offensive rebounder and does most of his damage in the paint, while Gaskins has intriguing physical tools and can make an impact defensively.

---

## 86. Mouhamed Dioubate, 6-7, F, Jr.

Transferring from Kentucky to LSU

Pre-commitment analysis: After coming off the bench in his first two college seasons at Alabama, Dioubate transferred to Kentucky and played an expanded role. He started 10 games and averaged a career-high 8.8 points, to go with 5.5 rebounds and his usual high-level defensive playmaking. He had 17 points, eight rebounds and three blocks against Santa Clara in the NCAA tournament.

Outlook with new team: Dioubate was Will Wade's first addition at LSU, just weeks after he landed the job in Baton Rouge. It will be Dioubate's third different SEC stop after time at Alabama and Kentucky. His high-level defensive ability should suit Wade's focus on defensive pressure.

---

## 87. Isaac Celiscar, 6-6, F, Soph.

Transferring from Yale to Baylor

Pre-commitment analysis: Celiscar checks a ton of boxes as an efficient all-around player who played a key role for the Ivy League regular-season champs. He averaged 13.2 points, 6.3 rebounds and 3.2 assists for the Bulldogs this past season, shooting 61% from 2, 40% from 3 and 80% from the free throw line. He earned second-team All-Ivy honors.

Outlook with new team: Another deft pickup for Scott Drew this spring, Celiscar is a very different player in comparison to the departing Tounde Yessoufou, but he will bring much more defensively and as a playmaker. The key will be if Drew opts to go with a three-guard lineup, will Celiscar be able to play up at the 4?

---

## 88. Rowan Brumbaugh, 6-4, SG, Jr.

Transferring from Tulane to SMU

Pre-commitment analysis: Brumbaugh redshirted as a freshman at Texas, was a role player at Georgetown in 2023-24 and then put together two very good seasons at Tulane. This past season, he averaged 19.2 points, 4.9 rebounds and 3.5 assists, shooting 36% from 3-point range. He has earned all-conference honors in the American in each year.

Outlook with new team: Brumbaugh brings much-needed offensive pop to SMU with Boopie Miller, Jaron Pierre Jr. and B.J. Edwards all out of eligibility. Brumbaugh can play on or off the ball, but coach Andy Enfield will give him the freedom to make plays regardless of who is next to him.

---

## 89. Trevan Leonhardt, 6-4, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Utah Valley to Nebraska

Pre-commitment analysis: Leonhardt has one of the more interesting profiles in the portal. He has great positional size and averaged 11.9 points, 5.4 rebounds, 6.0 assists (top 25 in the country) and 2.1 steals -- all while shooting nearly 37% from 3-point range. He earned first-team All-WAC honors and helped lead Utah Valley to a regular-season conference title.

Outlook with new team: This could turn out to be one of the better value pickups in the portal this spring. Fred Hoiberg needed a two-way point guard, and Leonhardt fits that mold. He's an adept passer who will be flanked by Pryce Sandfort and Braden Frager in a trio with size and shooting.

---

## 90. Tylen Riley, 6-3, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Tulsa to Cincinnati

Pre-commitment analysis: A second-team all-conference selection in the American, Riley was a catalyst for a Tulsa team that won 30 games and advanced to the NIT championship. He averaged 15.0 points, 3.9 rebounds and 4.4 assists, shooting nearly 39% from 3 (albeit on fewer than two attempts per game). He had 20 points against Auburn in the NIT title game.

Outlook with new team: Jerrod Calhoun stockpiled wing players in the first couple of weeks after the portal opened, including Myles Colvin(Purdue), Trevian Carson(North Dakota State) and Eric Mahaffey(Akron). Now he has a point guard who can create open looks for all three players. Riley loves to make plays off the bounce.

---

## 91. Oswin Erhunmwunse, 6-10, C, Soph.

Transferring from Providence to Creighton

Pre-commitment analysis: Erhunmwunse immediately brings a high floor from a rebounding and defense perspective, coming off a season in which he averaged 8.3 rebounds and 2.1 blocks -- ranking in the top five in the Big East in offensive rebounding rate, defensive rebounding rate and block percentage. He also averaged 6.9 points on 67.3% field goal shooting.

Outlook with new team: Alan Huss got a first-hand look at what Erhunmwunse can do in the Big East in two games against him last season. The former Providence big man had 14 points and 13 rebounds in the first meeting and eight points, 11 rebounds and three blocks in the second.

---

## 92. Luka Bogavac, 6-6, SG, Fr.

Transferring from North Carolina to Oklahoma State

Pre-commitment analysis: Bogavac started 21 games for the Tar Heels this past season, opening the campaign with double figures in nine of his first 10 games before hitting that mark just nine times the rest of the way. The 22-year-old Montenegro native brings size and perimeter shooting chops, along with multiple years of pro experience in Europe.

Outlook with new team: Steve Lutz is bringing in a wide assortment of wing options this offseason, with Bogavac joining a group that includes ace defender Kashie Natt and incoming freshmen Jalen Montonati, Anthony Felesi and Parker Robinson. Bogavac will bring experience and high-level shooting ability.

---

## 93. Abdi Bashir Jr., 6-7, SG, Jr.

Transferring from Kansas State

Bashir's prolific 3-point shooting translated from Monmouth to Kansas State, and he even became more efficient in the process this past season. He averaged 13.2 points while shooting 44.4% from 3 -- on more than eight attempts per game. At Monmouth in 2024-25, Bashir attempted more than 10 3s per game at a 38% clip.

---

## 94. Justin Pippen, 6-3, PG, Soph.

Transferring from Cal to Ohio State

Pre-commitment analysis: Pippen played 28 games at Michigan as a freshman in a minimal role behind veteran Tre Donaldson. But he transferred to Cal last offseason and thrived under Mark Madsen. He averaged 14.2 points, 3.9 rebounds, 4.6 assists and 1.9 steals. While he wasn't efficient as a shooter, he was one of the better two-way point guards in the ACC.

Outlook with new team: Pippen has huge shoes to fill with Bruce Thornton's career over in Columbus, but Jake Diebler needed a point guard, and Pippen will have that role from day one. He's surrounded by a slew of capable scorers -- John Mobley Jr., Anthony Thompson and Jimmie Williams-- which should help him cut down on some of his own inefficient shooting.

---

## 95. Rubén Dominguez, 6-6, SG, Soph.

Transferring from Texas A&M to Xavier

Pre-commitment analysis: Dominguez, a Spain native, arrived in College Station to much international excitement -- and really looked the part for the first couple months of the season, averaging 13.6 points and shooting 45.6% from 3 over the first 18 games. In the final 16 games, he posted 6.4 points and shot 30.4% from 3. If a team can get his first-half form back, look out.

Outlook with new team: Another Xavier pickup to make the top 100, Dominguez brings outside shooting to the Musketeers. Chance Westry and Tru Washington have size and playmaking ability, while Dominguez should be able to spread the floor and give his backcourt mates room to operate.

---

## 96. Cole Cloer, 6-7, SF, Fr.

Transferring from NC State to Alabama

Pre-commitment analysis: Considered a top-25 recruit in the 2026 class, Cloer enrolled early at NC State and redshirted the second semester before entering the portal after Will Wade's departure. He also took visits to UConn, Florida and Alabama during his recruitment. Cloer brings a versatile offensive skill set, possessing the ability to score at all three levels.

Outlook with new team: Nate Oats isn't shying away from his 3-point-heavy offensive system, with Cloer and Drew Fielder both joining the Crimson Tide's frontcourt next season. Cloer was a high-volume 3-point shooter on the grassroots circuit as a high school player and can really score.

---

## 97. Money Williams, 6-4, PG, Jr.

Transferring from Montana to Boston College

Pre-commitment analysis: Williams is one of the most prolific scorers in the portal. The two-time All-Big Sky selection averaged 20.6 points, 4.3 rebounds and 4.7 assists this past season, scoring 30 or more points on seven occasions. He also had 40 points in a win over Northern Colorado in the Big Sky tournament.

Outlook with new team: The headliner of Luke Murray's first portal class in Chestnut Hill, Williams will run the offense from day one. A top-five usage player nationally the past two years, he won't be needed to be BC's entire offense. But from a height and size perspective, Williams is not going to be overmatched in the ACC. He can also go get his own shot.

---

## 98. Jasper Johnson, 6-5, G, Fr.

Transferring from Kentucky to Oregon

Pre-commitment analysis: A former five-star recruit, Johnson didn't quite live up to expectations during his first season in Lexington. He averaged 4.9 points and 1.6 assists in a bench role, shooting 34% from 3-point range and playing 12.0 minutes per game. Kentucky originally beat out Alabama and North Carolina for Johnson's commitment out of high school.

Outlook with new team: Dana Altman isn't giving up on Johnson's offensive ability after one season at Kentucky. The former top-20 recruit showed high-ceiling offensive ability as a high school player and will be given freedom at that end of the floor on an Oregon team that needs playmakers.

---

## 99. Julius Halaifonua, 7-0, C, Soph.

Transferring from Georgetown to Oklahoma State

Halaifonua produced promising numbers despite playing fewer than 20 minutes per game for the Hoyas. He averaged 9.5 points and 4.4 rebounds, shooting better than 60% from the field. The New Zealand native will have to do a better job of staying out of foul trouble at his next stop. He had 21 points and 10 boards against Villanova in the Big East tournament.

Outlook with new team: Oklahoma State has quietly built an impressive haul of transfers and freshmen, but the Cowboys were lacking a starting center -- and Halaifonua should be able to fill that void. Prior to this addition, Steve Lutz's tallest player was Arizona State transfer Andrija Grbovic, and Halaifonua brings a very different skill set. Both are high-major proven though.

---

## 100. Jordan Burks, 6-9, F, Jr.

Transferring from UCF

Burks will be going to his fourth school in four years, but he's coming off a breakout junior campaign under Johnny Dawkins, after stints at Kentucky and Georgetown. He averaged 13.3 points and 4.8 rebounds this past season, showing more perimeter pop than expected (37.3% from 3 on nearly five attempts per game). He scored 22 points and made six 3s against UCLA in the NCAA tournament.

Next in line: Mike Nwoko, LSU (Xavier); Anthony Robinson II, Missouri (Florida State); Malik Mack, Georgetown (Providence); Hamad Mousa, Cal Poly; Thomas Dowd, Troy (Auburn); Joson Sanon, St. John's (West Virginia); Adam Olsen, South Alabama (Auburn); Freddie Dilione V, Penn State (Georgia); Jaylin Stewart, UConn (SMU); Amon Dörries, Bucknell (Richmond); Dylan Darling, St. John's (Grand Canyon); Colby Garland, San Jose State (Georgia Tech); Kyle Evans, UC Irvine (NC State); Sebastian Rancik, Colorado (Florida State); Chol Machot, Charleston (Georgetown); Miles Rubin, Loyola Chicago (Tennessee)